also something that is great and that the
truth fills us with a lot of pride is
the Aztec hope orchestra of regions
alfonso you do not know very well and you
it's much cooler because a lot
You've lived in the USA
and you know the importance in our country
obviously not but I'm going to take it there
how important is the celebration of
May 5 and in the white house if by
some reason the day that has been chosen in
the united states to celebrate then the
Mexican feeling because the
Hispanic feeling is celebrated in the month
September the us but more than more
that the Hispanic feeling the Mexican
May 5th is a very large party
I had the opportunity to have
been invited on occasion
precisely to the white house for
share in this event they were going
personalities that from the community
Mexican influence within the community
latina from the united states and being
guest is to be summoned by the
president of usa for the white house
to be president on a day like that
It's very important, well, all the
comments to the image please to
that the Aztec hope orchestra this
great great
great project of salinas group
mainly of Mr. Ricardo Salinas
pliego has been invited this day by the
president barack obama to be in the
White House
what will happen the day you see there
a gala where as I said people
very important political life of
the economic life of the USA is worth being there
share it with the president and inside
of the events that take place after
of the dinner there is always a concert
invite invite some group invite
some artist and in this case it is going to
be Aztec hope which is a
pride and the only thing you can deserve from
our part is applause
wonderful is a beautiful project
because taking children to
possibility of being able to approach the
music and also make it from a
so professionally to the degree that
be this time the guests there
in the white house is a real pride and
it gets good what's happening
hope this channel is the first
Once it is in territory
American but on this occasion the
true invitation that fills us with
pride because they are Mexican children are
children who have taken an instrument like
your most valuable work tool and
how good they will be triumphing neither more nor
less than in the white house if you share
children of all ages who
They touch awesome enjoy it
Y